I'm going to veto Professor Song Yangchuan's nomination now
Mr. Chen, why did you reject my nomination?
No reason.
Because I don't like it.
Chen Junnan Residence
Forget it, how can you forget it?
The professor doesn't sleep that long either.
Now it's all gone to waste
He doesn't even have a reason
Residence
Wait a minute.
Send him over.
Why would you do that?
Do you know
How much did the supermarket pay for this sword demon?
How can you say a few words?
Just deny the efforts of others?
Do you feel bad? What?
Do you know
You left without saying a word.
I've been looking for you for so long, I didn't listen to you question me
Chen Xunan, let him go
Chen Xunan
You haven't changed a bit
Still so post-secondary
What right do you have to say that after college?
I've been looking for you for so long.
You are playing with others here
Don't think I don't know why you're looking for me.
Isn't it because of my lucky physique?
Chen Jun, you are the most selfish person I have ever met
It turns out that I am such a person in your heart
Yes, I'm looking for you because of your lucky physique.
Do you think if you don't have your lucky physique
Will I take another look at you?
People like me
Just say a few words to reject others
Isn't it normal?
Ji Zhi, are you alright?
I'm fine, sorry.
It's all because of me
So you teach
This has nothing to do with you
Let's go back then.
OK